What's up, everyone? Welcome back to the State of Demand Gen podcast. We are broadcasting live. It's been so long. I set up this studio in 2020 with the idea that we would have people that are at the HubSpot Inbound conference come over and do live podcasts, and now here we are two years later—the Inbound conference is back. We’ve got tons of different live podcasts happening this week. The first of which I'm super excited to have Daniel Murray on the show. Daniel and I have been close for, well, years now, right? I think I came on the— I think I came on your podcast. I'm not even sure what it was called back then; it was Marketing Millennials or something like that. But I think I came on the podcast in 2019, maybe 2020, and we've done a couple of them so far, which has been a blast.

What are you most excited about for the HubSpot conference? Meeting people? I think that's what the conference is all about—seeing people in person for the first time. There are a lot of people on Twitter and LinkedIn that I haven't met because of the pandemic, so I'm really here just to hear interesting people speak. But I think the most underrated thing about conferences is the conversations that happen outside of the actual talks. Not the talks, in my opinion. So totally, what I'm excited about.

Yeah, I think that's— especially for people like us, given that we produce content on the Internet. A lot of people know us, and I think there's a really interesting thing because I used to go to conferences without awareness and a profile, and it's actually very challenging to engage in conversations and have those outside conversations. Now it's a little bit easier because you use digital to set up real-life interactions. That's how we know each other—we use digital to set up real-life interactions.

I'm a correspondent, so I'm going to be like tweeting live there. So if I didn't go on LinkedIn or Twitter, I would never have got this opportunity to come here. HubSpot's giving me a ticket to come here, so I'm super excited for it.

Hell yeah, and I think one of the core things— I think we're going to title this episode a LinkedIn Deep Dive. We got two people on here. Daniel has been absolutely crushing it; he has a slightly different strategy than me and has been getting the company page to work really well, so I'm interested in talking about that because we've been working real, real hard on that but don't see a ton of company profiles being able to do that. And just going way more into how the dynamics of LinkedIn are changing, so I've been spending a lot of time talking about the things that I'm seeing, but it'll be really interesting to talk through live on what is actually going on in the platform and then how could people adjust to that in real time and how should they think about LinkedIn inside of their strategy.

Sort of give you some thinking and ideas, so like we prioritize our programs—or at least I do in my head—and like there's been a time recently where it's like, okay, like YouTube that we thought was number three is now number six and we're going to move TikTok up. And so you go through this little prioritization exercise in your head, and it'll be interesting to figure out where LinkedIn falls nowadays, right? So I think for a lot of people, LinkedIn, if you think about the available social platforms on the Internet in B2B, LinkedIn is like number one. Like, gotta be number one. So it’ll be interesting to talk through it and see whether we arrive there as well.

So maybe at a high level, just talk us through what you've been doing on LinkedIn and how you think it is right now. I think at a company-page level it's a great place to be. At a personal level, it's a little harder when you're bigger. I think when you're smaller and growing on LinkedIn, it's a great place to start because one, you can curate who your actually is—my connections, I think at the first when you start growing, a connection equals a follower, and then you get lost in the connection game, and then your whole feed gets terrible.

On the company-page level, though, I think a lot of people— as these companies still do this— treat it like a ticker or a place to just show company updates or what the company is doing. I think there's a strategy to be the place for marketers to go or the place for salespeople to go or the place to be for somewhere to go. I think company pages on LinkedIn are late to the game of this, but if you go back and look at Instagram, if you look back at the days, the company pages that treat their pages like a place for somewhere to be— and not treat it as a company page or winning— so I kind of think of it as like these meme pages that have been big on Instagram for a while. I treat my company page like that. Obviously it's a different model for me because I have a different strategy on there, but I think a lot of companies could create not think of it as a company page but think of it as a media asset for creating great content for their audience instead of creating great content to show off what their employees are doing, what webinars they have, what blog posts they have out there, because those don't get reach on LinkedIn anyway. So why not just use it for that?

Yeah, totally. Companies continue to use this as a PR channel, for a better way to say it— hey, look at what we did with these people or look at what our employees are doing. Honestly, nobody gives a crap about that. So it's interesting to see, and I also want to let people have some more context on your model, right? Because it is different than how we approach it, because it's after attention or reach, not necessarily like B2B conversion, and so there is a little bit of a different element here, but there's a lot to learn. There's a lot to learn because having attention is a precursor to being able to create demand or being able to have people understand your perspective or things like that. It could be an engine for people to become aware of you and then hear you somewhere else. I'd also like to dive in— like what are the things that you're doing to get a company page to do? like is it the content, like what about it is making this happen, because there aren't many companies or people out there being able to make a page work better than a personal profile, including myself.

So going back to the first part of it— like what my strategy for company pages is— so not to steer people off the wrong track, I think when I'm trying to create a media asset out of this and a media company out of this, the market views social as the goal of social for me as a place to have snackable content to get someone to middle funnel. And how I think about middle funnel is a podcast, a newsletter, a virtual event. I try to get attention enough in enough feeds so I can get someone to the next level and stuff. But I think people can do this as well if you want to play the long game with company pages. I think a lot of people play the short game of attention to sale. And I think if you play the one-to-five-year game of, let me get as many people in the middle funnel, create great content in the middle funnel, and then nurture the middle funnel to get them to sell your product bottom of funnel, I think that is how I think about it, because I'm trying to create a big enough audience to eventually if I wanted to start a product, sell something to somebody. So it's kind of the motto of the whole thing: the newer models are coming out as, build an audience for, like Mr. Beast did, right? Mr. Beast created an audience first, then he created MrBeast Burger, then he created Feastables, then he created products off of what the audience actually wants and what he's actually likes to do, instead of being forced on them a market and then finding customers for your product. So I'm trying to create an audience for it.

And what was the second part of it?

Yeah, I'll just riff off that because I think it's interesting. There's a key difference: the potential monetization model or TAM. So, like, I think in our instance, pretty much any B2B marketer can get value from my content, but when you think about who's actually the real customer, the TAM actually gets much smaller, and the content gets way more specific and focused. At this point, I haven't necessarily spent much time focusing on moving people from LinkedIn to a podcast, sort of like secondarily. But weirdly enough, people have started to do exclusive invite-only events. I don't necessarily think about it as middle of funnel, but moving people off into events with a different intent is another core pillar I want to talk about. I want to switch gears a little bit and talk about what's happening in LinkedIn right now, so you mentioned one of the things— like some challenges that you're seeing with personal profiles. We'd love to hear a little bit more about that, and then we'll go from there.

I think this is actually a problem more for a bigger creator with a bigger audience, but I do see the problem as: back in the day on LinkedIn, you could post one to five posts in a day, and if you spread them out within two to three hours, the post would get reach. Now you post one, a second post, and the second post doesn't do anything. So that's one thing they're doing, which is kind of counterintuitive to how social should work, because if you're saying social, what's a volume game? Yeah, on LinkedIn, it's like you have to put out one great post, and if your post sucks, you have to delete it to get reach again or wait till tomorrow. Company pages—you could post the same amount of time, which is why I've been doubling down on the company page instead. But I know people I've been working with, people with smaller followings, who are getting a bunch [of reach]. So I think they're encouraging smaller creators to do and the smaller creators are getting more and more reach on the platform. Yeah. That's good, but it also screws the creators that have been there for a while, that's been creating content for a while. You almost get penalized for creating content for a sustained period of time and building an audience on LinkedIn.

Exactly, because I know, like, some of my close friends have 20, 30k followers, they get great engagement, and they've been moving from Twitter to LinkedIn. They're thinking, this is the best platform in the world. It is. I think it's still great for company pages. I've been trying to post on my personal page, and I can't seem to get over a hump that I was at with 50k followers and 100k followers, which is kind of weird to me. And I'm experiencing almost the same thing. I'm at currently 108,000 followers on LinkedIn, and the platform basically de-incentivizes growth at some point. For whatever reason, I think the threshold is 100k. When you cross over 100k, something weird happens in the platform; it starts deprioritizing. It's not consistent with my experience on other platforms. I do see one thing growing in personal pages: slide decks. I saw someone go from literally 10,000 followers to 150,000 in three months just by posting slides. So LinkedIn definitely is prioritizing that feature right now. On the company-page level, I know that text posts and image posts are doing well, but LinkedIn Live is kind of getting a little spur back, I think. But I do think that it comes from creating good content over a long period of time, because I think if you don't have a sustained audience on LinkedIn, then your LinkedIn Live will not be great, because people, once you grow, they don't have the time to know your story, they don't have the time to know your content. So when you try to get them to a newsletter or a podcast, they don't stay long because they just followed you for one post; they haven't followed you for the journey that you've gone on. So I kind of like having a slower growth phase on LinkedIn, because when you grow too fast, there's a lot of drop-off. It's the same as TikTok: if you go viral on TikTok and you don't continue your story, those people become unengaged very fast. That's the problem with going viral— everyone chases virality, which is great, but then you just get this peak, and then it's hard to replicate, and the followers that you gain during that peak are typically going to see themselves out over time.

Yeah, it's crazy. Let's follow your lead and go into LinkedIn Live. This is a— I've done LinkedIn Live before. I haven't done them very recently because I just never see them in my feed, and technologically LinkedIn makes it pretty difficult to actually do a live. On TikTok, I just hit Go Live and then boom, there I am. So we've been using Zoom and other mediums before that, but we'd love to hear, like, how recently have you seen this and what are you seeing?

I just created my first event, and actually at Sales Impact Academy, we do a lot of LinkedIn Lives. And I think what's great about LinkedIn Live is if you create a LinkedIn event, you can invite your target audience to the LinkedIn event. And when your target audience gets invited to the event, when you go live, it starts to notify your whole target audience that you're live on LinkedIn. So they have a feature now on, like, company pages. I don't know if it's impersonal, because I haven't done that, but on company pages you can now create a LinkedIn form, and it just has their email, and it gives you all the emails that you can cross-reference, because I won't send that to my newsletter because they haven't opted in for the newsletter. But I like just looking to see, is there a trend of people that are coming to events? But I think what for LinkedIn Live, the great part is you can create an event on your company page, and you could connect with people in your target audience and start inviting them to your event. But the key is your event has to be differentiated; it has to have a good guest; it has to have a good dynamic— a good event doesn't matter whether you're doing a LinkedIn Live or Zoom or anywhere. You’ve got to have the foundation of a good event, exactly. So I think—and also LinkedIn rewards you for keeping people on there. So if you are a LinkedIn creator, it rewards you for keeping people on the platform. But it's crazy, because I just did it, and this doesn't happen with a poor Zoom event. So I had 300, 500 people registered for the event, and 550 people were consistently on the event. So just think about the show rate of an event where 25 percent, if you're lucky, on a Zoom event. Yeah, like on a LinkedIn Live, the show rate is actually better than the registration, right? Yeah, so that's where I think there's an advantage of LinkedIn Live— it's like you can broadcast in two places, is having a close-knit Zoom and then afterwards having a place for people to ask questions, on the Zoom, with the guest, or so you can have it broadcast in two places. So if people want to go on the live, they can; if you want to go on the live, they can. I think that's an interesting model that people aren't doing. But I think LinkedIn Live, what I think is if you can broadcast as many places as you have followers on those places. We do Zoom and YouTube and TikTok and probably going to start LinkedIn next week. Exactly. I mean, it's a, it's a— and what's, what I think, like, if you, you've been doing it for a while, it would work so perfectly on LinkedIn, is if you have a scheduled event that happens every single week, people know to come to your LinkedIn page at that time every single week. And what's cool is, like, you could set the registration, invite people, your guests could invite their friends, you could tell your guests, like, hey, invite 50 of your connections to the event; it'll be great for you to invite 50 connections to your event. Then their network comes to your event, too, if you have a bigger— if you have a panel, you could do this too. That's why I like to have, like, a pre-meeting with everybody and say, if you can invite 100 or 50 people to the event, it'll be great. I think Sam Nelson, who did an event with us, got 2,000 people live on his own on his thing just from having a bunch of people invite people to the event and then driving his email to the event. It just— there's a model here that people just aren't capitalizing on, because LinkedIn is rewarding people who do LinkedIn events. Yeah. I love that. So I'm going to pivot to TikTok in a second, but before we get there, let's talk through, like, how you stack LinkedIn up nowadays. It's still number one for you, like, and how do you think about that? Maybe answer for you and then let's talk through maybe if it meant something different to the average B2B marketer.

I think when you're thinking about channels, there's two ways to think about it. One is: what is the main source of content production, and two: what are the repurposing channels down there? So I think of LinkedIn as a great platform to put out content, but it isn't my main source of creating content. So my top two are: newsletters and Twitter. And that's how I filter content to LinkedIn. LinkedIn is a great distribution channel; I don't think it's a great channel for necessarily being on the platform. I think Twitter is a great place to be on the platform because you get one-to-one connections, and you see who your followers post their feed, so you can interact with them and create conversations with them. So Twitter is my main, but I am starting to go the TikTok route. So right now, if I had to rank them, I would be LinkedIn and TikTok is going to replace it, but I actually think of it as, since I have a different model, it's actually think of newsletters and podcasts as one and two, and then I think of Twitter, LinkedIn, because middle funnel helps me create top-of-funnel content. So if I can create content there, I can repurpose on all of them. It's like content pillars versus repurposed distribution. So I sort of think of it the same way. Like podcasts and live events become the only, like, they're the feeder to all the distribution channels below it. So they sort of have to be number one, even though I'm not sure I've looked at that before, but I think that podcast is definitely number one and live events is just a way to create podcast content, and then from there— I guess right now I'm probably in, I guess LinkedIn is number two, and TikTok is number three. So that's my look. So I guess LinkedIn is still at the top, and TikTok is brewing.

So let's go there, because I think a lot of people— I think there's a lot of people that hear me, see the 15-tikTok glass I'm doing; we had our record attendance today. We keep seeing interesting incremental gains on TikTok, which I'm excited to explore. But a lot of people might just have an account; they might not even set up an account. They might be like, that's for kids. So what are you seeing over there, and what should people be paying attention to?

I think it's a great place to tell a story about and get personal with your audience. I think for podcasts, especially, I think podcasts have boomed if you repurpose your podcast on there. Also, I've heard that if you create it as a— don't create it as a company page account; create it as a creator account and then post it as a creator, because you get dinged for being a company on TikTok because of licensing of music and stuff like that. I also see a lot of my friend JT Barnes is big on TikTok, and we had this whole conversation actually on the LinkedIn Live about TikTok. He was telling me that if you do the same thing as you've been doing for a while on LinkedIn, on TikTok, you eventually start getting your audience, because TikTok needs 30 to 60 to 90 days to learn what your content actually is. So it's looking at the words you say and looking at the captions that you put, it's looking at your hashtags, and then it's creating this— it starts feeding it. I'm starting now on my personal feed, starting to get more marketing content than ever because I'm a marketer, and that's because I search marketing hashtags, I search that. So now it's becoming engaged with marketing content, and so it just starts. The algorithm is the most impressive part of the platform, I think. What people don't get is that TikTok, out of any platform, is the first 60 days not for reach, it's for TikTok to actually learn who you are and what your content's about. I think a lot of people worry about that— I'm getting 100 live views, or I'm getting two likes. But TikTok needs to know who to distribute your content to because it's an interest-based platform, not follower-based. So it needs interest to get to where you are. I also see a lot of success if you start geo-tagging content; for example, if you started doing Boston content today, as a geotag in a conference, and you start producing this content and tagging Boston people in Boston that are on TikTok, TikTok will start seeing your content because it's very geotagged. So if you start going to a conference and being in the city of a conference and producing TikTok videos and saying, "Boston Marketing," "Boston Inbound," then it will start geotagging. TikTok is actually testing a new thing on the bottom of the thing called Nearby, so now it's going to start being more about who's in your area and what content matters in your area. Marketers can capitalize on that, especially if your product is very city-specific. If you're a local retailer, or you're a business that only works with companies in a city for whatever reason, or you're a creator, there's a lot of opportunities to geo. I’ve noticed that when I geo-tag it actually gets a lot better engagement. It's an anecdote at best, but something I'm looking at.

You mentioned one thing that I think is super interesting, and I want to talk through it, because it's where most people miss on social, which is the idea that to most people it would be counterintuitive to move from, I'm posting on LinkedIn and I know that I'm going to get 150,000 or more views on every video that I post, and then I'm going to stop doing that and I'm going to go over to TikTok and post one, and I'm going to get 300 views on the video, and the difference there prevents people from innovating. That's why a lot of people that are on Instagram haven't innovated on TikTok, haven't moved on LinkedIn, and now they're on Instagram with a huge following on a declining platform and their reach is going down. They don't have another place to build because they can't go over there and be humble and be like, I have to start from zero again, just like everybody else again. I think that is something that holds people back broadly on every social platform. Like I'm not going to be as good as this person; they have 20,000 followers and they get all these views and things like that. The realization is that who cares? Also, I also think that some people more than LinkedIn what you could do on TikTok is start doing the unfiltered side of conversations where you talk about something that's not marketing, for example. Like you talk about your favorite football team, so now your TikTok sees football, and then marketers who are also interested in marketing start coming to see your video. My friend who does a podcast channel will put in a random clip that he thought was funny that they were talking about giraffes and giraffes and marketing— people who like giraffes and marketing are now like TikTok knows that they like giraffes and marketing. It expands your audience. So I think putting unfiltered things now and showing more than just that you're a marketer on the platform, or showing that you like going skiing on the weekends, or showing you different sides of you as a person, is more important than everyone on TikTok. On LinkedIn it kind of dinged you for doing something like that.

But TikTok's a platform where authenticity is actually rewarded, showing other sides of you; like, "Oh, I'm going to dinner with this marketer now at this restaurant." Now you're talking about a restaurant; you talk about this; you talk— now people who know that you like restaurants and this, not marketing, are interested; then people who are in that interest find you. I think there are many opportunities.

I think the two things I love most about the platform are, one, the algorithm; I think the algorithm is simply a better way to give people the stuff that they actually want. And two, I love the casual nature of the platform. I feel like in every other platform you have to sort of prop yourself up, or you have to show the best side of yourself, or whatever you want to say, and you have huge filters and all that. I think that this casual nature of TikTok creates a much more down-to-earth, real relationship. So I think you nailed the point: people should think about this. Any other platform— LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook—all of them are follower-based; it's not interest-based. So what happens is, over the years, people you follow— you might not like their content anymore, their content might start getting crappy, their content might… you end up unfollowing someone without realizing it, and your feed gets worse. The problem with a platform that’s follower-based is you end up following people who aren’t delivering content you want.

TikTok is the opposite: it’s interest-based. It’s not about who you follow; it’s about what you like. It’s a big difference.

I also think that, like, as a marketer doing advertising on—you know, if you’re a marketer, I’ll start getting marketing-specific ads. I’m getting marketing agencies targeting me now; I’m getting marketing newsletters targeting me now; I’m getting a bunch of marketing because now, I’m starting to show interest in that. The thing is, people aren’t willing to invest in the platform for 60 days to let the algorithm learn what your company is about, learn what your content is about. People are like, “I posted 10 videos; it’s not getting reviews now, I’m getting off the platform.” Not many people are willing to wait 60 to 90 days, which is so weird to me, because that’s how you work— just like going to the gym and doing the work. It’s not like it’s a habit that happens overnight.

Awesome. So we’ve got pretty deep into TikTok. I’m bullish on that and would love if you want to take the conversation somewhere you want to take it. You can be in the driver’s seat; we can talk about whatever you want.

Yeah, I’m interested to see, since you said you’re following, how are you thinking about the funnel now? Because you’ve been less bullish on LinkedIn, so how are you thinking about the content play, because it’s not your main focus right now, even though it’s top three, and that event was one of your biggest things. Now you’re rethinking the event, and the experience, and so the name Demand Gen Live— we’re rebranding the podcast, we’re rethinking about how we’re positioning. So you’re going to see a lot more slides and data, and a more academic nature in the future events, which should be coming up soon. We’re actually starting to do them as invite-only, which has been really interesting. So, instead of having a broad hey, anyone can come to this Zoom, we’ve actually gotten better attendance by making it invite-only and then sending invites to a select list and inviting guests there. That’s sort of like what we’re thinking on the event and then that one event was just a pillar of our podcast, right? So we continue to do four events per week: podcasts, live events, guests, speak of companies, all those types of things. So the podcast didn’t take a hit; it was just we’re changing up the event. And then, when we think about LinkedIn and stuff like that, it’s sort of the same: we have to have a top-level event that people want and then move it down into core content distribution. But it’s just thinking about how, like, what is the priority and how we’re doing it. To me, I think you’ve made a good point about the educational play. I think there’s— when you’re thinking about media, I think there are top-of-funnel channels for attention (those are social), those are your attention channels to get people into the middle, the middle of funnel, and middle funnel are these virtual events, these longer-form content pieces. End of the day, for B2B, people want to get content that they can execute on fast. There’s a need for education in the market. How could you rethink education as a better way to get educated, because marketers didn’t learn this in college? How could you create a better experience for marketers to learn outside of the real world that they can take your content, execute on it, and now it’s a live class that people are attending? So it’s about rethinking education and I think there’s a need for that out there. People just don’t get there.

Yeah, and it’s about being able to adapt to what the market needs. So we did that event for a long time; it was heavily useful. I loved doing it and I loved every minute of it, but then you get a sense that the market needs something different. There’s a gap or an opportunity here. Let’s go and capitalize on that. And the one, to me, is that there’s just so much bad advice out there, and the amount of anecdotes and stuff that’s out of context and stuff like that that gets taken from, like, a LinkedIn post or something that you hear in a community or something like that that has no relevance to your own situation. I think it’s something that not enough people think about. People always think about what’s the cost of, like, if I did something, what would be the ROI? But they rarely think about what’s the negative ROI of all the information I take and do stuff on that doesn’t work for me. Just trying to be— it comes down to education. I also think you made a great point there. I think a lot of people don’t think there are two things in putting out content: positive signaling to the market and negative signaling in the market. A lot of people think about content as just signaling. I don’t think there’s negative and positive, and I think negative signaling is what a lot of marketers do, and they don’t realize they do it. What I mean by that is that if you put out bad content for long enough, if you spam emails for long enough, at some point you’re getting diminishing returns on your negative ROI. A lot of people don’t think about that; if you put out five bad posts around your product, people see you as a spammer. It’s bad for the market.

Also signals: the algorithm, that you’ve posted five times; you haven’t engaged; let’s stop showing them. A lot of people just don’t get that there’s actually negative signaling in the market, and I think most people do it on emailing, I think. And that’s what happens. It all comes down to goals. It all comes down to revenue goals and what they’re doing it for, but it’s like I’ve also been thinking a lot of time about what is the lifetime value of your audience versus the lifetime value of your customers, because I think there’s an LTV of audience, and a lot of marketers don’t think about it. There’s an LTV of audience, and that’s where great marketers play, like in five to ten years spans, not just one year. You’re lucky to be able to do this because you own a company and you’ve been talking about this for a while, but that’s why I think this 18-month span of CMOs screws companies, because they don’t have time to think about five years down the road. Then that leads to negative behavior. And negative outcomes for the audience. Because this is long-term, lifetime value that’s going down, so your lifetime value of your actual audience— that is going down so your lifetime value of your audience that’s going to buy your product is going down, so your LTV might be going up a little bit here, but tangibly not in a five-year view.

So yeah, that’s crazy.

Yeah, and if you think about having to go 18 months with the CMO and then be like, for whatever reason, right, because they sucked, because you gave them the wrong goals because they were set up in a place that wasn’t ready for success, whatever the reason, then 18 months and then you literally start over again, 18 months and start over again, because you never get to the point where you’re actually delivering growth. I think there’s an interesting dichotomy, or an interesting push and pull, between a situation that is mission impossible almost, versus the reality of a CMO that isn’t equipped to do the things that are necessary to win today. I think it’s an interesting push and pull. I think companies need to start thinking more like media companies, because you own a narrative for a long point of time. And a lot of times, people think of just selling a product, but your whole marketing is about the story you’re telling the market about what you’re doing. And I think that’s where media comes in— owning distribution of the messaging in the market. That’s what I think is happening a lot now. People like you have come up and started owning the narrative, telling the long game, and this is where you partner with people who actually know what they’re talking about to create content for you for a longer period of time and create long-term partnerships with people outside of your initial brand that are telling stories in the market. Because right now you own the demand-gen narrative out there—that is your narrative, whether people like it or not. And if you can partner with people who are actually executing and have expertise to own the narrative inside of platforms, think longer term about media, because media, you can monetize in a few ways: through advertising, through product sales, and through merch. Merch is a big driver of sales in media. Look at Barstool. They sell merch. It’s because they created a brand around media. If you can sell product and merch, you have a great path. Don’t go down the path of a company that focuses too much on merch and not enough on a great product, though.

There’s also a way that if you focus on brand, you can walk around and people will love your brand. There are only a few brands— literally, I can name two B2B brands in a day that are on top of people’s minds. Not many.

Do you want to close out on anything?

No, I mean, it’s been great just chatting. This is my first live podcast in this studio. This place is going to be a madhouse. Thank you, David Miles. The studio is looking great. We’re excited for the footage—we’ve got a couple more coming in for HubSpot Inbound Conference. But this was the first one.

Daniel, thanks for being here, and let’s go get some steak.

Thank you.

Hey, everyone, this is Chris Walker, the CEO of Refine Labs. Thank you so much for taking the time to watch this video. If you enjoyed it, feel free to like, comment, or subscribe to the channel for more videos in the future.