I have been building automations and other systems for demand gen and marketing for the last couple of years, and someone challenged me to actually build an app. That’s what I did. This is Signal Scout. It looks at public information from a LinkedIn profile. All you need to do is drop the link in here and get signals. It asks you to log in. Once you have an account, you get your dashboard, and what your dashboard is going to show you is all of the profiles that you have gone through. It’s going to give you your subscription plan. Most people start off as free. You can get basic information for that, or you can get on the Pro plan, which unlocks all the additional features for a small fee.

Recheck and Rerun Recheck basically goes back into the data and just makes sure that it collected everything. Sometimes the app gets ahead of itself, and you run a profile and the information comes back and it just looks a little off. Recheck is just a quick way of validating that you have all the same information. That’s recheck—super quick to do. I can do it right now. It’s just going to check really fast. If not, it’s fine. And then there’s rerun. Rerun basically uses whatever profile is active at the moment and does a whole new analysis or scan of the person’s profile. From rerun, you’re also able to choose some other options. If you have a Pro account, you can select the number of posts that you want to pull over the past month or week. You can get comments and reactions. And this is really important when you want to track what’s working, what’s not, their influencer audience, things along those lines. So you choose what those are. The app will tell you how many credits that is going to consume out of how many you have available. That’s always available here at the top as well. And then you’ll see it populates top engaged and some leads. That’s the sidebar.

Profile, Posts, and Filters Now let’s look at the actual profile. Once you run the actual search itself, it’s going to pull the posts within a certain time frame. It’s going to then quickly analyze or add up all the likes, the comments, total number of engagements, and then give you an engagement rate. You’re also getting the information from the individual’s profile about how many followers they have and average engagement per post. If something doesn’t look right here, again, either recheck or you can actually enrich the profile, which does a very special scan just on the individual pool for additional information, if any of this isn’t populated. And then you have Pulse, which is the very first section that you land on. It basically gives you a high level: here’s what’s happening, here are the top performing posts, here’s the underperforming post, and what’s pulling out. If you ever want to look at it, you just have to click the link. It’ll bring you to that individual post itself, and you can see what was said, who was saying it, and the context of the post. You also have the ability to look at all the posts. So this is everything that it pulled. These are going to be the nine posts in the last 30 days.

Advanced Search and Insights From the sidebar, you are also able to do keyword searches. If I type “sales,” then find that. If I type “LinkedIn,” there’s one. I can sort by date, engagement, likes, comments. If I want to see what got the most comments, I can see that. If I want to know which one got the most likes, I can see that. Maybe I just want to see anything with an image by likes, and it’s only going to filter by those. So it’s just more of an advanced filter. Then you get to the Insights tab. The Insights tab is really interesting because this is taking all that information, running it through the AI to pull out insights based on what we found. How many engagements? How many unique engagers? So out of 800 people, 565 of them are unique, and 106 repeats. Who are the repeat engagers? And then it gets into an analysis of the individual posts that, in this case, Samantha is sharing. How many of them have hooks or no question hooks? How many of them have a CTA or no CTA? Of the format that she is posting? What’s working best? In her case, it’s images, top themes, and the length of the post. So how long does the post need to be that’s getting the most engagement? And so, her 0 to 150 words are doing better than the rest. You can see which posts perform best and why.

Competitive Intelligence and Influence Competitive intelligence: what is the engagement pattern? What’s happening right now? There’s steady volume, light depth, engagement skews toward first-time contributors, and the CTA usage is low in this range. So, what this also starts to provide is insight into what’s happening with the stuff she’s sharing. Is she getting super deep and engaging with a core audience, or is it more awareness and putting herself out there? And that’s what it’s looking at. Then you also have the observed intent of trying to establish influence in a space. And there’s some summary information from the Insights tab. You can go into Influence. This is the complete list of everyone who engaged with any of her content and the number of engagements. Chris is very active. If you click on it, you’ll be able to open up the individual profiles for all of these people. To scroll through them, you just hit next. There are 565 people total.

Alerts and Usage Alerts is something I’m building out right now. This is going to be more of a highlight of very specific, here’s some important stuff that’s happening in the moment based on the snapshot. It could be usual velocity, posting frequency, depth—those kinds of things will come out. It’s a work in progress. But at a base level, this is actually really exciting. We have about 350 people using it. Most of them are free. Obviously, a lot of them come in, run a scan, maybe two scans, and people are scanning themselves and doing a few scans, analyzing profiles, and then they’re gone. So I’ve got to work on the rest of the onboarding and conversions from there. But we have a few paid users as well. The paid users allow you to get all these additional insights and the list of people who are being influenced. That’s the value ads for upgrading.

Closing All right, that’s really it. I hope you enjoy it. I feel like this is an exciting time, and it’s a simple app. It does something very simple, but it’s helpful. I used to have to do this manually a lot as a marketer while I was looking at individuals or for lots of different reasons—either hiring, marketing effectiveness, influencer marketing for clients that I would work with who are trying to figure out who their competitors are and what their competitors are doing online. This app really just makes everything super simple. And when I realized that it was helping me, I figured I might as well make a version of it that would be open for the public. And that’s what Signal Scout is. If you have any questions, you want to see something new in it, let me know.