This is multi-millionaire founder Teemo. He built and sold his business Fan Bite for multi-8 figures by the age of 27, proving that he knows how to build and scale businesses better than almost anyone. But LinkedIn is his biggest opportunity to turn his track record into his next million-dollar revenue stream in 2026. And after speaking to him about how to achieve this, and noticing his engagement was decreasing, and learning about his next few businesses, I’m going to give him the five cheat codes that will transform his entire LinkedIn strategy forever. And I’m Lara. I have a proven track record of growing personal brands. And the five cheat codes I’m about to show Teemo have gotten me millions of views, thousands of followers, and built me six- and seven-figure businesses in the last three years.

The Five Cheat Codes The LinkedIn cheat codes are:
The best content play he should run to win LinkedIn.
Positioning and how to turn his current success into a platform advantage.
Content engineering and how to build a system that actually works regardless of the algorithm.
Conversion and how to turn attention into buyers and clients off LinkedIn alone.
The content formats and hacks he needs to use to make his content addictive to read.
Section 3 — Plan The plan is simple: look at his LinkedIn, find a category of one, and build a full strategy for him to execute this year. So today I’m with my friend Teemo Amu. And Teemo, hi. You’ve gained a lot of followers on social media across Instagram, TikTok, and now LinkedIn as well. Now, we’re going to be covering the problems that you currently have with your personal brand on LinkedIn. What do you think they are?

Teemo: Uh, I think we talk about too many things, and we also don’t have a direct conversion funnel from LinkedIn.

Lara: Okay, cool. And so now you are very aware of this. This is a common problem that entrepreneurs like yourself have because you have grown to the point where you’ve done too many things. It’s easier to start a personal brand when you have one thing, but you do a lot of things. You have a lot of things to talk about. Now what are the topics that you are very interested to become known for on LinkedIn?

Teemo: One of the things we have is that we sell companies on behalf of founders. So if founders want to build a business to then sell, we help them do that. So that’s one selling companies, but also a lot of corporates — like everyone from Goldman Sachs to JP Morgan to Samsung — pay me to come in to talk to them about basically how to reach a younger workforce and like building an intergenerational workforce. And then there is some very good stuff about basically how to market to Jenzi, because my last company Fan Bites, what we did was that we helped brands like the world’s biggest brands McDonald’s and Adidas; we helped them to market to Jenzi. So I’ve also become quite a thought leader in that.

Lara: Okay. So this is what I call monetizable expertise. So these are the things that you can actually monetize by just simply talking about them.

Teemo: Now there’s… oh my god that’s spooky.

Lara: Oh my god. Okay, lock in. We have this, but now we need to find your unfair advantages. So things that you can talk to to a broad market that don’t know what this is about, but then over time you can convert them.

Teemo: Okay. So my unfair advantages: one is that I have built a number of successful businesses before in very accessible industries. Second one is my background as someone who grew up in South London, Oakeng Road, Council Estate. I’ve basically talked about that a lot. So people see me as another kind of working-class boy who’s done well. And then I think also just I do talk about, like, being African, like being from Ghana and that whole kind of immigrant mentality, and that whole thing is something a lot of people also warm up to. So probably those three, I guess, are my unfair advantages.

Lara: Okay, cool. So I think out of the three, these two are great as well as this one, but we need a little bit more relatability because you’re in the business niche as an entrepreneur. So what are the top three things within the business broad that we can talk about that anytime you speak at a conference people resonate with? You just wrote a book.

Teemo: Okay, cool. Let me pick the key thing. So one would be starting a business young and having a lot of that kind of self-doubt and insecurity because I started a bunch of companies young; Fan Bites I started when I was 21. So there’s a lot of that first-time founder doubt. Another thing is obviously, as you mentioned, I wrote a book which became a Times Sunday bestseller. Come on Jeep. But in that book, the reason why people like it a lot is that it is very relatable and practical. Like I talk about feeling like nobody or how to build a network or how I raised funding for Fan Bites. We raised $2 million in funding throughout my business journey. I’ve now raised about $18 million now in funding for different companies. And you know at first I started off as someone who didn’t know how that worked. I’m so proud of you. Out of all these things though, there’s one thing that’s missing, and it is the mindset bit. In your book, you speak a lot about mindset and what I know that resonates a lot is how to engineer your own luck, which is part of one of your key codes. We’re not the stories that you tell yourself.

Lara: Yeah. So there’s a lot of stuff there about mindset things like, it’s not that deep. That’s actually one of the chapters of my book about basically gaining perspective. We are the stories that we tell ourselves. So in there I have a ton of different stories about the fact that, like, growing up in South London I had a negative story around me and then the things that I did to change into a positive story. Everything big starts small. So just the importance of starting off very small but still having a big vision. So…

Content Strategy: Broad, Narrow, and Niche Lara: There’s a lot. And networking. Yes, man, this is so good.
Teemo: Okay, so the reason why I’m asking is that there are three different pillars that I like to think about when I do content: Broad, Narrow, and Niche. Now we have the monetizable expertise and you’re on for advantages. But these three topics and themes, these are the ones that are going to expose you to a new audience. The reason why most people stagnate in their growth — like back in 2023–2024 it was really easy to grow on LinkedIn; you experienced that as well — but now most people are in some sort of plateau, which you have also experienced, and the reason is because we stop creating content to acquire new followers and start just settling for the things that work. But then if you consistently repurpose the content that used to work, which I think you’ve done. I’ve talked to your team before and it was that. But that doesn’t work because you need to find a new angle for the same idea. It needs to be novel. One of the most viral themes and topics that Teemo used to have on his LinkedIn one year ago was about the African problems and stuff.

Lara: Right?

Teemo: So then how do we turn that into a noble concept? Understanding that people want some sort of touch point with you. Before it was the quote and then some sort of tip. But today I think you can talk about like my favorite piece of advice growing up is this, and you put the African proverb and it’s a photo of you. You’re telling it from a story lens rather than just a tip lens. LinkedIn has changed to the point that they just want personalities rather than just tips and tricks.

Lara: Okay.

Teemo: So broad, narrow, and niche. So the broad content will be all the mindset stuff, so we can get all the beginners and the new people coming in. It’s almost exactly what Alex and Rosie did with $100 Million Offers or whatever because that introduces a new market of people into your world at a very basic level and then over time you can nurture them as they grow in their business and your personal brand journey, and followers, as to understanding what all the types of businesses really are.

Lara: So then the narrow would be all of these things as well as this, and then super-niche will be when you decide to sell like a product online.

Teemo: So what should be the ratio of broad narrative?

Lara: Okay. So this is interesting. So when it comes to monetization of a personal brand, there are five key LinkedIn plays. The five key LinkedIn plays every single person should be using depend on their goal and also their experience. So there are beginners, there are intermediates, and there are advanced people. So one is the client play and two is the case-study play. So you are not playing these games because you don’t have to look for clients because you already have that authority. However, many people giving advice on personal brand are stuck in these places because that is the concept that used to work for everyone. But social media has evolved. So these are not going to be for you. But if you’re a beginner and you’re starting, these are the content places that you want to use. Now the other two, number three and number four, are the category of one play, authority, and distribution play. So out of those two, I think you’re in between these ones as well. And then in order to reach number five, which is multiplier player, you need to understand where the point of inflection is. So you can then go into here, the category of one, where people on LinkedIn think of you. So with Justin Welsh you think solopreneur. With my friend Jake Wood they think about SEO. With me, they think about personal branding on LinkedIn. Now with you, because we’ve talked about so many topics before, they do not know where to categorize you. So we go into the street and we put 10 people that follow you. Some people will think tips, some people will think exiting a business, some people will think Fan Bites. The reality is that we need them to remember you for one specific thing. So what do you think that is for you today?

Teemo: Well, so my question would actually be, so we said earlier the people who engage and the people who pay from our LinkedIn can be corporates all around how to hire and market to Jenzi, and then you also have the founders who pay me like 100 grand a year to basically be their coach to exit their business. So you basically have two groups of people. So how do I determine…

Lara: We find, so at any time with any business and any interest, there is an overlap where you are here, and then they all overlap. So with this higher marketing Jenzi then coach to exit you have Fan Bites, and then you build a business you exited it and you’re good at marketing. So that’s it. So we need to lead with that social proof as much as possible because there’s so many people that do not know your story. And the problem is with most marketing agencies and people that I work with, people get tired of using that social proof too much because they think it’s too much. There’s like some sort of overwhelm with the founder. However, you need to think about what was the last LinkedIn post that you read today. You won’t remember it. And so repetition builds repetition at scale. So you need to force yourself to repeat yourself a lot.

Teemo: Okay. So, anytime you think that you’re going in the wrong direction, it’s because you’re steering away from the main thing, which was talking about who you are at all times. Out of all of the posts, the cadence should always be at least three posts every single week, no matter how many you do, they need to refer back to your experience that makes you the unique person to talk to about this subject.

Lara: Interesting. Okay. We’ve got the category of one play, which you have. So, it’s like the Fan Bites play, the eight-figure play. I actually went and analyzed every single one of your podcasts, and the similar keyword that they all use is either “eight-figure exited founder” or “multi-millionaire,” and the last one is your story, the rags-to-riches. So if they’re using it on YouTube and it’s performing at an outlier level, why not take that onto LinkedIn as well, because it’s a proven concept. You need to look for keywords. I like to think about LinkedIn like SEO a little bit, and you need to think: what are people clicking on on other platforms, and how can I take this to LinkedIn?

Posts, Formats, and Examples Lara: Great. Cool. On the rags-to-riches thing, your best-ever post was the whole thing about, “I got a link to my book. It’s a thing.” I’m going to put it on the screen now. It’s cool. It brings in a lot of attention. The middle, like there are many other stories that you can tell that actually relate to that middle round. So the self-doubt, the impulsive syndrome, getting your first client — we need to talk about them, but in different angles. You can always take one topic and divide it into different things. But people just start rinse-and-repeat templates, and that’s why we run out of content ideas. You literally have infinite content ideas if you have five key topics. You just do how-to, a story, a listicle, and a second story varied from the first story.

One of the stories people really like is when we got our first big-ticket deal in Fan Bites, and it was when we—

Charlotte Tilbury.

Lara: So we had a proposal, and before that we had been charging lower prices like $1,000–$2,000 for our services because we basically didn’t back ourselves enough to charge high. And then for some reason I just thought, you know what, we’re going to charge a high price. So I put the packages there. I put Bronze, Silver, Gold. And then for Gold, I said it was going to be $40,000. And at that time, that was the highest that we would charge. And I kind of just said, do you know what? We’ve got to be big boys now. And then we did it. And then they came back and they said, “Well, actually, do you know what? We’d like to start off at $60,000.” And I remember thinking, “Oh my god, this is insane. If we had just kept doing one grand here, two grand here, there’s no chance they would have even said 60 grand because of positioning.” So that’s the story, right?

Teemo: And then we discuss four different angles for it. So the first one is educational: “This is how I closed Charlotte Tilbury at $27.” Then you tell the story in the exact same way. The second one is a story-led post. The third one would be a listicle: “How to get your first big-ticket client.” Then the next story uses a common denominator problem: impostor syndrome, self-doubt, making money online, getting your first client, I’m shy, I don’t know how to raise my prices. You use a keyword that we know works. Impostor syndrome works on LinkedIn because every single person on earth struggles with it at some point, especially people who are really into content on LinkedIn because they’re either corporates, they’re entrepreneurs, or they’re just freelancers, or they may be an exited entrepreneur like you who still struggles with it and likes to see you being honest about your journey because some people pedestalize influencers and big entrepreneurs and celebrities, and it is better to sometimes come down and be like, “No, I’m just like you. I just did the thing instead.” And then you get to inspire them.

Lara: Quick one: if you want the strategies, frameworks, and tools I’m giving business owners like Teemo to scale their personal brands on LinkedIn faster in 2026, I give all of these away inside of my mentorship programs. If you want to become a client and get access to all of these playbooks, frameworks, systems, and so much more, then click on the first link in the description and I’ll see you inside. Let’s get into how to write each one of them because it’s actually so easy. So there are two formats I always back on: the SLAY framework and the PAST framework. Everything else is a bit irrelevant. So SLAY when you’re doing storytelling; you always want to educate. The problem with storytelling today is that people tell stories that never end and never get to a point. Okay?

And this is why stories fail. Then people will come to me and they’re like, “You told me to tell a story.” And I’m like, “Yeah, with a point.” You need to get to the point quickly. So the SLAY framework helps you get there. So you tell two lines of a story. In 2019 I closed my first high-ticket client, and it changed my life completely. This is how I did it. These are the three key actionable steps on how I did it. How are you going to implement this today? S is for story. L is for lesson. A is for actionable advice. And the U is a way to engagement hack on LinkedIn. Dwell time on LinkedIn is one of the most important metrics that no one is thinking about today. But the reason why it needs to happen is because the more time people spend on your post today, the better it is along the way. But people don’t like it; they will do everything to not have that happen. So when you introduce a question, people will then kind of be tempted to answer it and then comment more. Okay?

And then PAST: problem, agitate, solution. So if you don’t have a high-ticket client today, this is why you need one before 2026 ends and then you give the solution. That’s it.

Teemo: Could your path also be like the problem, being you know you should charge more but you just don’t know how to?

Lara: Yes. As long as it’s very direct. So sometimes that type of post doesn’t work because it’s too leading. It may not spark enough curiosity for them to want to read it. But if you’re like, “You’re going to be broke if you don’t do this thing. Here’s exactly how to do it,” then that’s speed. Like they want to get into it.

Plays, Distribution, and Final Plans Lara: Let’s finish with the four plays that we have here. The other three plays: you have the authority and distribution play, which you also have. You have a big network and you have all the authority here: bestselling author, exited entrepreneur. So we have the authority and distribution place. We have Fan Bites, the network. There are certain things that I don’t particularly see as interesting, but then I understand they are seen as interesting. So, for example, 4:30 under 13, that was a while ago, and I was like, “Oh, cool. Should we talk about that? Should we even include that in our bio? I don’t know.” There’s also other stuff like when I’m featured in a bunch of different news sites, etc. I’m just like, “Yeah, cool.”

Teemo: That’s positioning. So we have the four main things that we know that kind of work, right? This is where positioning and pattern recognition happens. So you have a lot of exposure to the market. Therefore you see so many different announcements every single day, and you kind of already been used to it. Nothing is novel to you because you see it all the time. But to a beginner audience and an intermediate audience, the full study on the thirty that even if it happened a while ago, it’s still relevant because they can categorize you as this type of person that did that. The magazine thing, they categorize it. We need to understand this. Otherwise we’re going to be playing a losing game by not talking about the things that are relevant enough. So play the winning game by understanding how people box you into things immediately. So that’s why, you know, content happens, and the first three lines of a post matter because it’s quick distribution and connection to what’s happening. The fourth thing: we don’t have to talk about it all the time, but if you talk about it once a month amongst all the other millions and millions and millions of achievements you’ve gotten, that plays into positioning a lot. So don’t see it as bragging; see it as a way for people to fund you.

Lara: Yeah. Yeah.

Teemo: Okay. And then the pattern recognition is the same. Okay. So that’s a full set: a 30-person pattern recognition. I feel like I can trust him more because of that. Oh wait, he also founded Fan Bites. It’s like a funnel, a mini funnel of people to understanding who you are in a short space of time.

Lara: Exactly. So we need to leverage this a little bit more, and you can do this with all the photos that your community and friends have taken. However, there’s a very specific way to do this because you cannot just post every single time your community shares a place with you. There’s another way, and I’ll show you in a second. And then the second way of distribution is the podcast you went on the BBC and then all of these things you can also use as leverage. Okay, there’s another one that you need to leverage a little bit more, and that’s engagement. So engagement on LinkedIn is one of the most important modes to build an engaged network. The more you engage, the better your content is going to be received because people look at comments as well as likes to pattern recognize if the post is good because people will see the likes, then the comments, and if it doesn’t have that many comments, they’ll think it’s AI or something else. So how do we build this? You use the 3+1 commenting rule on LinkedIn. So on your post, you want to leave three comments underneath your own post. So you’re going to be hyping yourself up. Basically, you do a behind-the-scenes kind of thing: “Hey, today I’m working on this exitable business strategy,” and you take a photo of your laptop, and that’s almost like bringing people into your world. The marketers and all the creatives will call this world-building, and in B2B it also works because you’re introducing people into your own mini world as a business owner. You don’t need a large set; you don’t need to create all of these things. You just need to show them what’s going on behind the scenes, right? And this gives them a second and third way of engaging with you if the post wasn’t something that they wanted to comment on.

Teemo: So you do this on each post?

Lara: Yeah. Then the second one needs to be like an educational tip. So today you have a library of content that you can use as comments. What I do is I go through my old content. I pick the one that is relevant to the post I did that day. So if I tell a story about how I, you know, just built one of my businesses, then I can go back and choose one post that talks about building a business on LinkedIn. Then I copy and paste that post into my comments and that’s a second shot of a good educational post, and I can repurpose my content that way as well. So you’re taking the whole post of another post?

Teemo: Depending on the length. Sometimes I’ll edit it a little bit. Maybe I just leave the hook and then give my new thoughts on the post that I wrote. But that’s how I repurpose my content and then it’s giving value, and people appreciate that because again AI slop is a problem on LinkedIn. This is how you beat it and how you humanize yourself. And the third one can be like a version of this or a version of this or something else.

Lara: Okay, so you’re doing that. Now you understand Plays Three and Four that you’re in the middle of. You’re in that intersection. We want to learn how to then win the Multiplier. The Multiplier, okay. Here is when you’ve mastered three and four, you found your inflection point, and you can ride that momentum wave where like all content performs equally well and there’s no up and down. So you’re not constantly thinking about what’s going on because you have your content themes, you have your monetizable expertise, you have your unfair advantages, you know how many times a week you’re posting. So one, two, three, four, five—you have your main three pillars. Pillar one, pillar two, pillar three. And then you know exactly what game you’re playing, so you don’t go out of it and start trying to see what other people are doing, because this is exactly what happens here. And that’s why it’s up and down, up and down, up and down. Essentially, focus is the main thing. You have the distribution, you have the content, and you have the social proof. And all you need to do is do it consistently and don’t let anything else get in the way. And that’s how you become a multiplier.

Promotion and Final Thoughts Teemo: So now we have all this attention. We need to make money from it, essentially. What are we promoting on LinkedIn today?

Lara: So, I haven’t ever really promoted anything on LinkedIn. The last thing was the book, which was great. Now, going forward, I want to effectively promote two things, and you’re probably going to say I shouldn’t promote two things, but I’m going to say there are two things, and then you’re going to tell me what I should do and what I shouldn’t. So, first thing is, as I mentioned, I do a lot of public speaking, and so I want to promote that as a thing for companies to get in touch, etc. And I want to take that to the next level this year. And then the second thing is something called the Founder Intensive — like we have this whole mastermind to help people build a sellable business. And for that the way we are doing it is we are doing these weekly workshops which invite people and we talk to them about building a business and Q&A. So directing people to these workshops, off-platforming them, is probably the biggest thing there.

Teemo: Okay. So these are all high-ticket, right?

Lara: Yeah.

Teemo: There are two concepts that I recently learned to love, and there’s the idea of content-market fit and then content-offer fit. There are many people that have millions of followers but cannot convert anything because there’s no content-market fit and there’s no content-offer fit. So what we just did earlier and the reason why I asked you what your main goals with LinkedIn were was so every single piece of content that you ever create kind of makes sense whenever you do decide to promote either of these things. So when you’re talking about your unfair advantages, you’re also making people know that you talk about self-doubt, that you talk about productivity, you talk about mindset, you talk about being an author, and your rags-to-riches story. Then when you decide to promote the Founders Intensive, when you start promoting it, it doesn’t feel like it’s coming out of nowhere. So we’ve introduced the idea slowly, for when you decide to promote.

Lara: Content-market fit. We have it. Content-offer fit, because every single piece of content that you create has something to do with building a business or mindset and all these things that people like hearing in public speaking talks or conferences.

Repurposing and Final Tips Teemo: All right. So on the speaking front, the main topic is generally around hiring and marketing to Gen Z.

Lara: So generally the corporates don’t want a motivational talk about be your best self, etc. It’s more about what are trends going on, what are themes going on in the industry. Okay. So one of my thoughts is what proportion of content should be like motivational stuff, because I don’t think it should, and actually now that I’m thinking about this, I realize that we have too much content that doesn’t really highlight this second one. This one we talk about it, but it’s actually not as much as we should do. That’s why I covered the monetizable expertise thing and how to write a post for it. So after this you will have it. So once that is fixed, then content-market fit and content-offer fit will be fixed as well.

Back to the speaking, because I think it’s a main point of discussion that you usually have. Let’s say you want to post five times a week. I think one of them should be dedicated to hiring; it needs to be a topic that is broad, yet fits in that broad–narrow–niche narrative. And then as an adjacent, whenever you’re telling a story, one of the stories you tell a week, because there’s two stories a week, so one story is a story. One of them has to be about hiring or Jenzi and Teemo’s experience doing that. But it doesn’t have to be necessarily about hiring in the hook, but it has to lead to an outcome or a point where he talks about hiring in one sentence or two. It doesn’t have to be this long drawn-out thing. It can just be like two points: I start hiring more people, build SOPs, done, and then these are going to be the educational monetizable expertise where he talks about exits and his story, etc. I think the best thing is starting with four, understanding the patterns and how and why things work, and then doubling down. The volume game doesn’t work for everyone until they crack the code on LinkedIn, which you guys are doing already with the stories after I talked to you.

Free Resource Teemo: Quick one. If you liked all the frameworks that we just used, I’ve put them all in a free PDF for you to download today, completely for free. My treat from us to you. So click the link in the description and I’ll see you inside.

Repurposing and Outro Teemo: So now you have a big audience on Instagram. You get to share a lot more of the behind the scenes on your Instagram, like the photos, etc. You reshare stories. How do we do that on LinkedIn, and why does it not work when we do the exact same thing and repurpose copy-paste the same post, because the difference in audiences and interest is insanely different. LinkedIn’s professional; Instagram is consumer. So how do we make the same Instagram post into something consumable and easily resable for LinkedIn? When we’re repurposing, let’s say a video that went viral on your Instagram, how do we do it for LinkedIn? We can use the same video, but then the caption needs to work for you. Instead of using the same caption as “Oh, we just roasted 20 books with Lara Costa,” it’s like this video got 500,000 views on Instagram. We need to give context before they click watch. The same with the carousel. Always think about the word context, please. So we did a post recently which is doing very well, which is this thing called Investor Next, where people came and then I had to decide whether I was going to invest in their business or not. The first video we posted is doing quite well. I think it’d be a good video to post on LinkedIn because it builds credibility and social proof. And also I think it would build a fan base amongst those two people who are like the entrepreneurial crowd but also the corporates who are like, “Wow, this is a very interesting dynamic way to reach entrepreneurs.” Okay. So that video did well; I saw it last week. I roasted 10 business ideas live. Did I invest? And then you give two more lines of context. You know, 100 entrepreneurs signed up, only 10 came. One got investment. It’s kind of like using BuzzFeed headlines just to grab intrigue. Interesting.

Teemo: Cuz you’re right. I guess on Insta, if you’re just growing, growing, growing, it’s easy because you’re already in consumer mode. We need to put them in that consumer mode by giving them context and giving them the right keywords to be engaged in. We need to retain their attention with something they want. So “Business ideas, I roasted 10 entrepreneurs live, you know, in real time.” And then at the end it’s important to encourage more engagement because videos are not going to get as much engagement. So we need to farm it: “How do you do it with a repost of this post if you want to be next? Repost this post if you want to get access to the next round when we have it,” whatever, anything like that. Or even: now that I’m thinking about it, or even tag someone that you think should come for the next thing, because it’s always nice to support their friends.

Lara: Cool. So that’s it. How are you feeling?

Teemo: I feel like the most knowledgeable LinkedIn man in East London.

Lara: So what’s stopping you from going all in?

Teemo: I see what you did there. You did that because the name of my book is “What’s Stopping Me? Nothing.” I think you’ve given very good tactical frameworks. This is great. Thank you.

Lara: Yeah. So we’ve got all the cheat codes, and nothing stopping Teemo from becoming a LinkedIn legend. So you’re just going to be dropping these germs. Okay?

Teemo: Thank you. Bye.

Lara: So that’s a wrap. I had way too much fun doing this, and hopefully Teemo is going to implement everything else. So we walked through the five LinkedIn plays every beginner and advanced entrepreneur should be thinking about when they start building their personal brands. And I also showed him how to structure his content to actually create a systematized strategy for his LinkedIn so it can run on automatic in the future. And also, we had a great time. So hopefully you enjoyed this. If you loved this video, please leave a comment below telling me why or who you want on the hot seat next time. And please subscribe to the channel so it can keep on growing. I recorded a similar video breaking down a beginner’s content strategy step by step, and since then he’s gotten 750,000 views in 28 days. So click here to watch exactly how we did it. Bye.